Yes, I just heard from the master
I have difficulties, second brother
I really can't take it anymore
factory
Dozens of people want wages
A dozen people in the family want to eat
If I wasn't cornered
I won't come to beg you
I beg you to understand
Very understanding.
Fourth grandpa, it's not easy for you to come here
Why don't we go have a meal together?
I'm not hungry.
I'm here to ask for an order.
Fourth grandpa, there is something you may not know.
Now Su's Group is also facing a financial crisis
Grandpa doesn't want you to live at the door either
So?
Specially let the company's finances be on your account
100,000 bucks
Yes!
This person's ability is also limited
I'll give you 100,000 dollars first
Don't worry.
Brother, I'm not here to borrow money
I know you're not here to borrow money
But my ability is also limited, Su Zhenfu.
What do you take me for?
When your dormitory group wanted to be a jerk
I emptied our family of everything
I fucked 500,000
You babble so much
Don't you want money?
Got it. Borrow 100,000 bucks
No one else
No, I won't.
All are masters
Farewell
Fourth grandfather fourth grandfather